Great job completing this lesson.
So far, you've assumed exact trouble poses and learn how
a static environment can be mapped with the occupancy grid mapping algorithm.
This algorithm decompose the world into grid cells and implement
a binary Bayes filter to estimate the occupancy of each cell individually.
You've also learned how to fuse measurements from
different sensors using De Morgan's law to build a single map.
The mapping with null poses problem is a challenging one.
But unfortunately, by solving this problem,
you are still unable to generate maps in the real world.
That's because both the poses and the map will be unknown to you.
So, get ready to learn how to map real-world environments
by solving a much more challenging problem in the upcoming lessons.